{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Peter Wilde\
Team presentation evaluations - Team TFM\
\
General: each of the team members contributed equally to the formulation and brainstorming of the game concepts and ultimate end game experience.  As can be observed by the amount of activity on github, most of the work on the final program was done in the last two weeks before the final presentation.  \
To note on resources: \
Background images (first draft, levels 1-3): Matt and Peter\
Frog images (still, jumping, dead, drowned): Jonathan and John\
Platforms and obstacles: Jonathan and Peter\
\

\b John Nguyen - \

\b0 \ul Description of contributions:\
\ulnone John was very vocal and willing to contribute whatever needed to be done for the project. Although his physical attendance in class was not high, our group conversing were mainly conducted online and that was not an issue.  John created the powerpoints for both the initial and final presentations. He also set up the controller for the keyboard to move the frog, and then set up the first phase of our frog movement logic, including the information stored in the model(s) that includes the frog's status and scoring system. Initially we had it set up so that the frog could only occupy certain spaces on the board; an idea we scrapped later on in favor of simplicity. Jonathan (the nearly sole coder for the river platforms and car obstacles) and John worked together on the needs of jumping detection and movement and made the determination that the frog's movement should not be fixed except for y values once he reaches the river. \
John also began the coding for the "safe zones" at the top of the stage.\
\ul Evaluation of contributions:\
\ulnone John's contributions at the outset were extremely helpful and very code-intensive. The setup of the initial model was mainly his doing and set the project up to have a strong starting point. As the time went on, and all of us became more busy with other classes as the deadline approached, his work became spotty and incomplete. For example several items of code were left in the air until the completion of successful implementation of "safe zones" which were not completed in the time they were expected and needed to be done.  He still maintained a positive and helpful attitude, very open about asking what needed to be done and offering to do (frankly) more work in a day than was reasonable to be expected, but the distraction from other classes caused his work on the project to be lax as the deadline neared, where things the project depended upon were not done in a timely manner, being left for others to complete.\
In summation, John was a positive member of the team, but some of his contributions toward the end were incomplete and left others to finish what he had begun. I would estimate his contribution to the team as about average to above-average of expectations for a project of our size.\
\
\

\b Mathieu Gregg - \

\b0 \ul Description of contributions:\
\ulnone Mathieu was also very willing to contribute to whatever needed to be done for the project. He also set up the code to control the keyboard with John, created base sprite classes, successfully got the frog sprite drawn to the screen as well as the logic for panel swapping upon level up and death as well as the title screen's functionality itself.  \
\pard\tx584\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 Evaluation of contributions: \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Mathieu made himself available and did what he set out to do. He was helpful in asking what needed to be done in our final crunch time.  Unfortunately did not show much initiative in working on elements of the program that needed work without seeking a word from the group (lead or otherwise) on what needed to be completed. I would estimate his contribution to the team as about average of expectations for a project of our size. \
\
\

\b Jonathan Brown - \

\b0 \ul Description of contributions:\
\ulnone Jonathan put in an incredible amount of work into the project. Every moving object that doesn't involve the frog was completely and entirely his work. He handled the movement logic of the obstacles and platforms as well as how it affects the frog (collision checking, a movement-by-lilypad method to affect frog's position on the river). He also was instrumental in debugging and setting the format of the levels themselves, including the dynamic of what higher levels will do differently versus prior levels.  He also handled the bulk of the formulation of the final UML diagram and did code cleanup at the end.\
\ul Evaluation of contributions: \
\ulnone This was Jonathan's first game programming experience. A lot of it was hard-coded, and a few elements were coded bulkily (model data which probably should have been stored in a helper model class was stored in the model class, making it substantially large), but his work ethic and execution and initiative were all excellent. In the last week before the deadline, between him and I, we put in many straight hours of work into it and would not have had a functioning game on the Monday before our presentation on Tuesday. I would estimate his contribution to the team as exceeding expectations.\
 \

\b Peter Wilde (self evaluation):\

\b0 \ul Description of contributions:\
\ulnone I wrote the frogModel class, the update method, death and respawn logic, the HighScoreTracker class (handles file creation and loading of scores), the safe platform logic, level up logic, game over logic, all of the drawing logic of the frog itself (after Matt set it up to be drawn at one point), including jumping, orientation, and both death by car and drowning.  I also set up at the beginning of the project the basic java window with menu items (code inspired by the examples given in class, ie the pong game) and drew the initial background upon which to begin work.  I also acted as facilitator or "team leader" of the group to keep the movement of the group strong and productive and make sure all of the elements in our easy milestones were being realized; that everyone was aware of what needed to be done and who was doing it.\
\ul Evaluation of contribution:\ulnone \
}